[Music]
going somewhere when you're getting
ready for a flight two main things you
might be worried about is how to stuff
all your travel essentials into your
modest sized suitcase and how to get
through the security screening as fast
as possible interestingly both of these
things depend on how carefully and
thoughtfully you pack your carry-on and
check luggage listen up number one be
careful if you don't charge your laptop
before the flight
it may be confiscated it's not uncommon
for an airport security officer to ask
you to power your device up if you fail
to do it your gadget can be taken away
for an additional check for safety
reasons it's crucial to make sure that
it hasn't been tampered with or modified
in a way that can cause harm during the
flight number two packing an electric
brush in your carry-on may land you in
trouble at the security check
brushes produced by some brands have
lithium batteries inside and those can
potentially lead to serious problems in
the air that's why leaving your electric
brush in your checked suitcase will make
passing the security scanning easier for
you three you can pack much more
efficiently with the help of a vacuum
cleaner in several plastic bags roll
your clothes carefully stuff them in a
zipper plastic bag and close it leaving
just a small hole then use the vacuum
cleaner to remove all the air from the
bag and zip it shut if you have a lot of
clothes it's better to use special
compression storage bags for airport
authorities warned that the security
equipment that's used to screen check
luggage damages undeveloped film oh are
you the one that still uses film well if
you want to avoid fogging put your
undeveloped film roll in your carry-on
carry-on baggage scanners aren't so
powerful and aren't likely to harm the
film but try not to let your film get
scanned several times otherwise say your
goodbyes or you can always ask security
officers for a manual check
number five no one will object if you
bring a belt bag along with your
carry-on on board the plane but if you
want to take a clutch or some other kind
of mini bag you may be asked to pack it
inside your carry-on six avoid wrapping
your things in aluminum foil and packing
your bags both your carry-on and check
luggage pass through an x-ray scanner it
can't see through the aluminum foil
because this material effectively blocks
x-rays airport security staff see only
dark spots on the screen that's why your
check luggage will be examined more
thoroughly which will take additional
time 7 all unusually shaped objects
you've decided to put in your suitcase
such as a stapler or a long candlestick
will definitely seem suspicious to
security officers they'll want to check
your baggage more thoroughly so try to
arrive at the airport in advance number
8 although almost all airports in the
world are equipped with modern security
devices these days your hand luggage is
examined by people the reason is simple
many substances look similar while being
scanned that's why if you want to sweep
through the security check don't put
musical greeting cards in your carry-on
they might raise suspicions passing
through a scanner honey
sausages or cheese can also look unsafe
to officers 9 when you're traveling with
a single carry-on bag take advantage of
sample sizes the most experienced
travelers collect all the samples they
get and take them on a trip if it's a
short journey transferring your everyday
products into travel size bottles seems
like a waste of time you can store
sample products in contact lens cases
it'll prevent liquids from spilling 10
when you put a pack of coffee in your
luggage be ready for an additional check
airport security officers know all too
well that criminals use its strong odor
to conceal the smell of not-so-legal
substances
eleven if you don't have special shoe
bags for keeping your dirty Footwear
pack your shoes and cheap plastic shower
caps put a shoe sole down in a shower
cap and the rest of your baggage is safe
twelve every check bag gets its own
sticker with unique bar code that
contains the information about your
flight and its destination if you choose
to leave these stickers on your suitcase
after the flight your baggage can get
lost during your next trip a special
scanning system that distributes
passengers bags between planes can get
confused by multiple barcodes and send
your suitcase to the wrong plane uh-oh
13 by the way if your bag looks
suspicious to the security staff and
they opened it there should be a special
sticker on it informing you that your
luggage has passed an additional check
14 never leave your chargers in your
check luggage bag suitcases do tend to
get lost from time to time
imagine your chargers being gone along
with your bag 15 you can avoid having
your clothes wrinkled by using the
bundle wrapping method fill a small bag
with some soft things like underwear
socks and so on and wrap a larger item
around this pouch so that you get a neat
bundle 16 tissue paper is another thing
that's said to keep your clothes wrinkle
free put some sheets of tissue paper
between your folded clothes many
travellers swear that by minimizing the
pressure and friction this simple action
reduces wrinkles 17 while packing your
bag stuff your shoes with socks ties and
other small objects this way you'll save
some precious space and your shoes won't
lose their shape
18 if your suitcase is made of fabric
you can protect it from snow rain mud
and other problems with the help of a
good old candle make sure your bags dry
and rub the candle all over its surfaces
the wax it's made from will create a
thin water-resistant layer 19 if your
suitcase seems too small for all this
stuff you want to pack inside try
closing and zipping it compressing your
bag by zipping it often helps to create
more space inside when you open it again
add more objects to all the available
spots you'll notice for example between
larger items in the corners or along the
sides 22 prevent your Chargers from
getting tangled you can store them in
sunglasses cases it will also make them
easier for you to find in your bag 21
dryer sheets can help you get rid of
that weird suitcase clothes smell just
put a couple of sheets in your bag and
they'll not only keep the stench at bay
but will also make your luggage smell
nice and fresh 22 try to avoid packing
just in case items this case you're
waiting for is likely not to come up at
all but half your suitcase will be
occupied with totally unnecessary stuff
and if the need arises you can always
buy everything you need at your
destination 23 if you're traveling with
a backpack make sure that its center of
gravity is as stable as possible pack
the heavy gear so that it's closer to
your back and somewhere in the middle of
the bag the right-left distribution
should also be even you can use medium
weight objects as stabilizers 24 people
are divided into two groups those who
fold and those who roll experts
recommend to roll your clothes when
you're traveling with a backpack and
fold them if you bring along a suitcase
hey if you learn something new today
then give the video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]